README.md, before:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# phylometricsims

<!-- badges: start -->

![GitHub release (latest by date including
pre-releases)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/Neves-P/phylometricsims?include_prereleases)
[![Lifecycle:
experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-experimental-orange.svg)](https://www.tidyverse.org/lifecycle/#experimental)
[![Travis build
status](https://travis-ci.com/Neves-P/phylometricsims.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/Neves-P/phylometricsims)
[![AppVeyor build
status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/Neves-P/phylometricsims?branch=master&svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/Neves-P/phylometricsims)
[![Codecov test
coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/Neves-P/phylometricsims/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/Neves-P/phylometricsims?branch=master)
<!-- badges: end -->

The goal of phylometricsims is to simulate and parse DAISIE output to
contribute to the [sELDIG Simulation
Study](https://github.com/sELDIG/SimulationStudy).

## Installation

You can install the released version of `phylometricsims` from
[GitHub](https://github.com/Neves-P/phylometricsims) with:

``` r
install.packages("remotes")
remotes::install_github("Neves-P/phylometricsims")
```

## Support/Bug reports

If you’d like to submit a bug report, or otherwise ask for support,
please open an
[issue](https://github.com/Neves-P/phylometricsims/issues), or email
p.m.santos.neves AT rug.nl.

Commit message:

Project status instead of lifecycle

README.md, after:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# phylometricsims

<!-- badges: start -->

![GitHub release (latest by date including
pre-releases)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/Neves-P/phylometricsims?include_prereleases)
[![Project Status: WIP – Initial development is in progress, but there
has not yet been a stable, usable release suitable for the
public.](https://www.repostatus.org/badges/latest/wip.svg)](https://www.repostatus.org/#wip)
[![Travis build
status](https://travis-ci.com/Neves-P/phylometricsims.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/Neves-P/phylometricsims)
[![AppVeyor build
status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/Neves-P/phylometricsims?branch=master&svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/Neves-P/phylometricsims)
[![Codecov test
coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/Neves-P/phylometricsims/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/Neves-P/phylometricsims?branch=master)
<!-- badges: end -->

The goal of phylometricsims is to simulate and parse DAISIE output to
contribute to the [sELDIG Simulation
Study](https://github.com/sELDIG/SimulationStudy).

## Installation

You can install the released version of `phylometricsims` from
[GitHub](https://github.com/Neves-P/phylometricsims) with:

``` r
install.packages("remotes")
remotes::install_github("Neves-P/phylometricsims")
```

## Support/Bug reports

If you’d like to submit a bug report, or otherwise ask for support,
please open an
[issue](https://github.com/Neves-P/phylometricsims/issues), or email
p.m.santos.neves AT rug.nl.
